c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.exe
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.deps.json
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.pdb
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\ToadShootah.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.pdb
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\ToadShootah.dll
c:\Users\hector.mcewen\Desktop\Prog 2\ToadShootah\ToadShootah\obj\Debug\net8.0\ToadShootah.sourcelink.json
